Some missing traits for Radial intervals at 0 (S135) (#1191)
pi-base/data: spaces/S000135/properties/P000206.md

---
space: S000135
property: P000206
value: true
refs:
- doi: 10.1007/978-1-4612-6290-9_6
  name: Counterexamples in Topology
---

> Observe, that there are two cases: either the origin belongs to $U_n$ for every $n< \omega$ and the game is lost for the first player or for some $n$, $(0,0)\notin U_n$. Then the second player can pick $V_{n+1}$ contained in a line passing through the origin.
> Since then the game is played on the real line and
> {S25|P206}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Observe that there are two cases: either the origin belongs to $U_n$ for every $n< \omega$ and the game is lost for the first player or for some $n$, the origin is not in $U_n$. Then the second player can pick $V_n$ contained in a line passing through the origin.
After that, the game is played on the real line and
{S25|P206}.
```
